Add no-consumer cli flag to topic read (#11352)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/apps/ydb/CHANGELOG.md

> * Made `--consumer` flag in `ydb topic read` CLI command optional. Now if you don't specify this flag, you will read in without-consumer mode. When reading without consumer, you need to provide `--partition-ids` flag also. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Made `--consumer` flag in `ydb topic read` command optional. Now if this flag is not specified, reading is performed in no-consumer mode. In this mode partition IDs should be specified with `--partition-ids` option. 
```
